---
layout:     post
title:      "The 9 months - and so we wait"
subtitle:   ""
date:       2015-02-17 09:00:00
author:     "Sean"
header-img: "img/post-bg-06.jpg"
---

After the loss of Baby C (2nd trimester miscarriage - 5 months) back in August 2014, we broke down, we struggled, we recovered, and we decided to try again. We were blessed, and shortly after, in February, we were staring at the two lines on the pregnancy test kit once again.

> Here we go again

We switched Gynae this time around. We felt our previous Gynae was not careful enough and was quick to dismiss our concerns. After reading up on the internet, we setled on Dr Han How Chuan, who is an Assoc Prof at KK Hospital. Rates at KK Hospital is only cheap if you are a referred case from Polyclinic and do not have a gynae preference. For our case, we were considered as private patients and honestly, the consultation rates are about as high as that in a private clinic. In fact, the queues are longer, esp for our selected doctor, who seems to have a never ending stream of patients. However, KK is the most well-equipped O&G hospital around. For cases with complications, they are often referred to KK as well.

Dr Han was very patient and thorough. In our first appointment, he reviewed our first pregnancy history, and agreed with us that cervical incompetence is a possibility, and that it would be monitored. Our previous gynae dismissed this possibility at the post-miscarriage check up.

### Yet, this pregnancy was not without its scares.

Our OSCAR scan, which gave results based on a probability scale, was quite bad - to be honest. There were a few markers that stood out. The blood test result had some low counts, and also the nasal bone (NB) measurement was abnormal (low). We were worried and the recommended next step was to do the CVS / Amniocentesis. We did the test on XX/XX/XX and had to wait for about a week for the results. The procedure itself also had a chance (albeit low) of causing miscarriage and it all made for a nerve wrecking wait.

Unfortunately, that was not all. At around the 15 week mark, Jiali started to feel discomfort and she made an appointment to see Dr Han again. It was timely as the cervix was shortening (way too early) and we had to make an appointment to put in the cevical cerclage.

Jiali was on bed rest for the next two weeks.

Luckily, other than those two scares, the rest of the pregancy went by without too much of a hitch. We had follow up appointments ever month, until the 29 weeks onwards, where frequency was reduced to two weeks, and subsequently from the 35 week, about every week after.

Can't remember any particular cravings that mummy had, other than once for chicken curry noodles. Otherwise, she ate healthily most of the time, much more than usual. There was the daily milk for calcium, protein. Yoghurt with the right probiotics bacteria strain. Flax seed was thrown in for good measure. There was also the daily fruits, which revolved around a combination of kiwi, strawberries, cherries, guava routine.

37 weeks can be a long time - but we finally made arrived at [D-Day](../posts/2015-09-15-d-day/).
